[aadwarf64] Add DWARF support for unwinding with FEAT_PAuth_LR enabled (#245)
ARM-software/abi-aa: aadwarf64/aadwarf64.rst

   .. _Note 8:

   8. The RA_SIGN_STATE pseudo-register records whether the return address has
      been signed with a PAC, and whether the value of PC has been used as a
      diversifier for the return address signing. This information can be used
      when unwinding. It is an unsigned integer with the same size as a general

>       register. Only bit[0] and bit[1] are meaningful and are initialized to zero.

Reviewer: I'd add a truth table somewhere maybe easier to follow.
Also would highlight the 0b10 setup is invalid, as indicate a incorrect step or codegen issue, the unwinder may want to stop in this case.

| bit 1 | bit 0 | state |
| -------- | ------- | ------- |
| 0 | 0 | LR is not signed |
| 0 | 1 | LR is signed with SP |
| 1 | 1 | LR is signed with SP+PC |
| 1 | 0 | Invalid state |

Call frame instructions
-----------------------

> This ABI defines two vendor call frame instructions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ABI defines the following vendor call frame instructions:
```

``DW_CFA_AARCH64_negate_ra_state`` and ``DW_CFA_AARCH64_negate_ra_state_with_pc``.

.. class:: aadwarf64-vendor-cfa-operations

.. table:: AArch64 vendor CFA operations

   +--------------------------------------------+-------------+------------+-----------+-----------+
   | Instruction                                | High 2 bits | Low 6 bits | Operand 1 | Operand 2 |
   +============================================+=============+============+===========+===========+
   | ``DW_CFA_AARCH64_negate_ra_state``         | 0           | ``0x2D``   | \-        | \-        |
   +--------------------------------------------+-------------+------------+-----------+-----------+
   | ``DW_CFA_AARCH64_negate_ra_state_with_pc`` | 0           | ``0x2C``   | \-        | \-        |
   +--------------------------------------------+-------------+------------+-----------+-----------+

The ``DW_CFA_AARCH64_negate_ra_state`` operation negates bit[0] of the
RA_SIGN_STATE pseudo-register. It does not take any operands.

The ``DW_CFA_AARCH64_negate_ra_state_with_pc`` operation negates bit[0] and

> bit[1] of the RA_SIGN_STATE pseudo-register, and instructs the unwinder capture

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
bit[1] of the RA_SIGN_STATE pseudo-register, and instructs the unwinder to capture
```

> the current code location. The code location information can be used for

Reviewer: This only required when it set to 1.
Location of the `DW_CFA_AARCH64_negate_ra_state` is flexible until the code doesn't change the SP/LR, but the `DW_CFA_AARCH64_negate_ra_state_with_pc` must be exact, I'd note this somewhere in the text.

> instructs the unwinder capture the current code location.

sounds like we need a register for this to store this frame info.

Author: I've added a paragraph describing the requirement for the exact location of `DW_CFA_AARCH64_negate_ra_state_with_pc` instructions.
